Fixed OpenAPI links (#85)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/rest-bundle/overview.md

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} provides numerous online API examples. If you want to make use of them, [download and install Postman](https://www.getpostman.com/). After starting Postman, you can choose to either create an account or click **Take me straight to the app**. Then click the button below and choose the variant of Postman that you have just installed. You may see a browser security prompt asking you if you actually want to run Postman (on Windows "Electron").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}} provides numerous online API examples. If you want to make use of them, [download and install Postman](https://www.getpostman.com/). After starting Postman, you can choose to either create an account or click **Take me straight to the app**.
```

> Import the {{< openapi >}} as a [JSON file](https://www.{{< domain-c8y >}}/api/{{< c8y-current-version >}}/dist/c8y-oas.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the [API examples](/files/rest/Cumulocity_API.postman_collection.json) and import them as a collection into Postman.
```
